Goddamn thing
Don't you want to wait for the poor family to go bankrupt before you are satisfied?
Brother Song Nan, I will never target you again.
You have a lot of adults
Forgive me.
Listen to you
Are you going to sign?
I was ready.
The Song family sells radiation jewelry.
Mr. Feng doesn't want to sign a contract with you early in the morning
Just for the sake of madam's face
To give you this chance
You can't catch it yourself
Can't blame anyone
The Song family sells radiation jewelry, and it will be born sooner or later.
It's not worth it to implicate the Feng family for the Song family.
No, no, no.
Those radioactive jewelry are beyond my wildest intentions
No one else will know
Mr. Song is not good
Our sale of radioactive jewelry has been exposed.
Stock limit down
The Song family is bankrupt
Bankrupt
Song Jiang is all my heart and soul
Impossible Impossible
Song Jiang is bankrupt
I just got on the daughter
I'm going back to the hard life again.
There must be a way
Mr. Ah
You help me.
You lend me money?
I'm gonna 1 billion
I let those who can't buy jewelry
I'll pay everyone 1 million
Surely you can suppress this?
1 billion I do
But you can continue
Hey.
Revenge Sunan brother no
Sister I beg you
I know wrong
I really know I was wrong.
Let Mr. Feng invest in saving the Song family's life
What you did to me
You owe money and I have it all in my heart
Forever commit crimes against me
Husband, I don't want to stay here
There we go.
No, no, brother Nan, don't go
Save dad
Brother Song Nan, what are you so proud of?
Fang Yanchen loves his green plum Zhou Yaru
He has returned home.
Just wait to be dumped